hey guys hey here and today i'm doing an
update video from injector mod so he
changed everything in this mod like
changed the design he added needles that
you add to the main injectors and he
changed the health index way like it
depends what kind of needle used to get
a certain amount of help you want like
the cobblestone you get one fourth of a
heart the iron you get a half a heart
and the gold you get three fourths of a
heart and the diamond you get a whole
heart I think it's kind of outrageous in
a way but you do get sick needles heard
one we make so as you can see i got the
image below how to make umm I I couldn't
get the picture of the gold iron and
diamond ones i just use the travel forum
but the only two spots to make it which
is pretty easy and nice that you can
make in your inventory crafting one but
anyways i'll have all the links in the
description so you can get the mod and
i'll also throw my minecraft forum link
in the description so that way if anyone
else wants a video review or something
and they're mad they made and i'll check
it out and probably make it but anyways
here we are on my nice diving board
it off in your supplies subject I'm
going to be testing this mod on and as
you can see it only take one fourth
where the cobblestone a half where the
iron and three force or the gold and a
whole heart for the damage so thank you
for watching please rate and subscribe
and have a very nice day ha